either guys what's going on 20 pricier
in this video I'm going to giving you a
detailed tutorial on how you can record
your ps4 gameplay footage in Super HD
quality for this tutorial I'm going to
be using the elgato it is my preferred
game capture device for the next gen and
I will have a review coming out in a few
days so be sure to subscribe so you
don't miss it or if I've already
uploaded it I will have a link in the
description so you can check out why the
elgato is the superior game recording
device if you already have an elgato and
you have tried recording your ps4
gameplay footage you may have run into a
bit of an issue sony implemented an hdcp
blocker which basically prevents
external recorders like the elgato or
the HD PVR 2 from recording ps4 gameplay
footage this is not a glitch they do
this on purpose to prevent copyrighted
footage being uploaded to YouTube
thankfully sony has confirmed that they
will be undoing this in a patch coming
soon so that way we can use all of our
external capture devices with no
problems but if you still want to record
your ps4 content before that update
you're going to need to follow this
tutorial this tutorial you're going to
need three things and al gato game
capture HD which I said earlier I
already have a review of this so click
here to see the review or go to the link
in the description to watch a review
you're going to need an hdmi cable which
you can get anywhere i just bought this
from ebay any hdmi cable should work
you're also going to need to buy an HDMI
splitter I found this one for pretty
cheap online i'll have a link to where
you can buy this in the description
below basically it takes your signal
from your ps4 and converts it and splits
it sorry into two ports one for your TV
and one for your el gato alright so
let's get into the setup now I'm not
going to do an unboxing of the elgato
simply because it's not necessary and
also because I've already done one in my
review however I will be doing a short
unboxing of the hdmi splitter because I
think this might be pretty new to most
of you so this hdmi cable is pretty
standard I got one online and a link to
this will be in the description below if
you do not already have one laying
around your house here's to undo the
little twistys and that's it now for the
hdmi splitter i'm just going to open up
the packaging right here and we notice a
few things the first thing we're going
to see the manual in like a million
different languages but you're not
really going to need that are also
inside we have the hdmi splitter itself
it's a pretty heavy pretty hefty little
box we also have the power cord i'm
going to take the hdmi splitter out of
the little holder
I don't need that anymore now this
device is actually really nice it's
surprisingly good quality it I haven't
noticed any degradation of the quality
coming out from the ps4 and actually
it's pretty heavy and pretty hefty you
can see that's where the ps4 and the
power cable plugs into and the output
will have one for the elgato and one for
the TV so yeah so that's basically it so
now let's go over how to hook it up
here's the elgato I'm not going to go
too much into detail about setting up
the elgato on your computer but i'm just
going to show you the wires so first
thing you want to do is plug up the hdmi
splitter so here's what we're gonna do
i'm going to take the cable coming from
the ps4 coming out of the ps4 and that's
going to go into the input of the hdmi
splitter let's go take the power cable
that came with a splitter and plug that
in as well next we'll use a shorter hdmi
cable that came with the elgato and
we'll plug one end into one output of
the hdmi splitter and the other end into
the input of the elgato now we're going
to take the hdmi cable that i bought
online and we're going to plug it into
the output of the elgato and that's
going to go out to our TV i'm also going
to take the USB cable for the elgato and
plug that in as well one thing to note
you can actually take the hdmi cable and
plug it into the other end of the
splitter the USB cord is going to go out
to our computer now for a quick overview
the signal is going to go out of the ps4
into the splitter the power cable is
going to be plugged in and we've got one
hdmi cable is going to go into the
elgato and the output of the algata will
go to your TV also the USB cord is going
to go to the computer and that's all
there is to it now I hope I didn't
insult your intelligence by
oversimplifying anything I just really
wanted to make sure that everyone knew
exactly how to hook it up this is the
setup that I use when I record things
and it works great also I wanted to make
sure that there's a list of things you
can buy and I'll give exact link so that
way no one buys the wrong thing because
I know there's a lot of converters out
there that are really really tricky that
will degrade the quality or they might
even go the wrong direction so I just
want to be sure that everyone was
exactly what to do if you liked this
tutorial or you want to see more stuff
like this from me then be sure to hit
subscribe so thanks for watching you
guys enjoyed it and I will see
next time alright so today's question
comes from LC three wolf double-oh-seven
and he asks will you stream to youtube
or twitch TV I'm going to be doing both
but I'm we're doing much more on
twitchtv simply because there's a much
better audience for live streams it's
also a great place for me to meet new
people that might subscribe to my
channel also i will be uploading short
videos to YouTube advertising my streams
on twitch that way you'll know when I do
a live stream so don't worry about
missing it so yeah so mainly I'll do
both but mostly twitch leave your
comment in the question below I'll
answer in the next video I wanna thank
you again for watching